Update credentials configuration docs (#3944)
guardicore/monkey: docs/content/usage/configuration/credentials.md

description: "Configure credentials that the Infection Monkey will use for propagation."
---

On this screen, you can configure credentials for Infection Monkey to use in the propagation

> stage. These can be anything from default or weak passwords, to "stolen" credentials from your

Reviewer: I don't think "propagation stage" is a thing in our tool. Maybe it's better to say:
 "On this screen, you can configure credentials that brute-force exploiters will attempt.".

Reviewer 2: Another option would be "during propagation". "You can configure credentials for Infection Monkey to use during propagation."

network, simulating an attacker with inside knowledge.

> All possible credential combinations will be tried for propagation. Identity-secret pairs added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All possible credential combinations will be tried during propagation. Identity-secret pairs added
```

> All possible credential combinations will be tried for propagation. Identity-secret pairs added

Reviewer 2: We may want to define "identity" and "secret". It seems obvious, but I have a feeling it may be valuable for us to explicitly list what kinds of identities and what kinds of secrets we accept.

> All possible credential combinations will be tried for propagation. Identity-secret pairs added
> in the same row will be attempted before any other credential combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All possible credential combinations will be tried for propagation. Credentials on the same row are treated as if they belong to the same user and are tried first.
```

Author: Defined identities and secrets. I like it the way it is now. We can talk about it if you feel strongly against it.

> in the same row will be attempted before any other credential combinations.

Reviewer 2: I think a small example would go a long way in helping users understand.

> Note that to add a credential, it is not necessary to fill out all the fields.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this note

Reviewer 2: Agreed, an example would be better.

Author: The screenshot shows this. Do you think we need something else?

Author: I think we can just get rid of this line. The screenshots clearly show that you don't need to fill out all fields in a row.

description: "Configure credentials that the Infection Monkey will use for propagation."
---

> On this screen, you can configure credentials for Infection Monkey to use during propagation.

Reviewer: I don't like "during propagation". If only vulnerability plugins are enabled the credentials won't be used. I think stating that brute-force plugins use these credentials is both: more accurate and easier to understand.

These can be anything from default or weak passwords, to "stolen" credentials from your

> network, simulating an attacker with inside knowledge.

Reviewer: I think this section can be deleted

Author: I think the content reads better with this line.

![Configure credentials](/images/island/configuration_page/credentials_configuration.png "Configure credentials")

The "Identity" field accepts usernames and email addresses. As seen in the screenshot, the

> supported secret types are passwords, LM hashes, NTLM hashes, and SSH keys.

Reviewer: We should rename "Identity" column to "Username/Email" and delete this section. But probably in a different PR.

Author: Leaving it as is for now

> All possible credential combinations will be tried during propagation. Identity-secret pairs added
> in the same row will be attempted before any other credential combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attempting a brute-force attack Infection Monkey tries credential combinations that belong to the same row first. If those fail, Infection Monkey will try all other possible combinations from the data in the table.
```

> For example, with the configuration shown in the screenshot below, brute-force exploiters will
> start their authentication attempts using credentials that were added in the same row
> (marked with red boxes):
> 1. Identity `user-1`, password `hello123`
> 1. Identity `user-3`, password `qwerty`
> 1. Identity `user-4`, LM hash `0BEEA40070BB64AA1AA818381E4E281B`

Reviewer: I think we should simplify the example:

```suggestion
For example, if the input rows are:
1. Identity `user-1`
1. Password `qwerty`
1. Identity `user-2`, LM hash `0BEEA40070BB64AA1AA818381E4E281B`

The combinations will be tried in the following order:
1. `user-2:0BEEA40070BB64AA1AA818381E4E281B`
2. `user-1:qwerty`
3. `user-1:0BEEA40070BB64AA1AA818381E4E281B`
4. `user-2:qwerty`
```

> After that, it will attempt to authenticate with all possible credential combinations.

Reviewer: Not needed if we include it in the example

![Order of configure credentials](/images/island/configuration_page/credentials_configuration_order.png "Order of configured credentials")

> Note that to add a credential, it is not necessary to fill out all the fields.

Reviewer: Note is not needed if the examples we give don't contain all the fields
